---
title: "tutoring"
bg: orange
color: black
fa-icon: graduation-cap
---

# What I Offer
Why you should trust me: I **self taught** myself and scored full marks on the **AP Calculus BC exam,** as well as the **AP Physics C exam (calculus based).** Both are equivalent to a first year university course. I've also consistently placed in the top 2% in numerous math contests including the Canadian Intermediate Math Contest where I placed top 50 out of 10000 participants.

Interested? Have questions? Want a free first lesson or consulation? You can reach me at [xueqilin@gmail.com](mailto:xueqilin@gmail.com)

-------------------------

## flexibility

- **scrambling** to learn an entire semester's worth in only a month? &mdash; *I'll help you cram*
- looking to broaden and fully **understand difficult concepts?** &mdash; *I'll give you the intuition*
- **overloaded** by too much homework, and just need some extra help? &mdash; *I'll relieve you of the pressure*
- **busy schedule?** don't have reliable transportation? Need online tutoring? &mdash; *I've got you covered*
- *not sure* if you want to hire me? don't like the way I teach?  &mdash; *I'll give you a complete refund*

-------------------------

## math

- **Kindergarten to Grade 3**  &mdash; In this developmental stage, I will ***develop a strong foundation*** through creative and personalized methods to ensure your child will ***enjoy math***
- **Grade 4 - Grade 8** &mdash; I will assist students to understand the ***core concepts,*** which will make it extremely easy to transition into high school.
- **High School (Algebra - Calculus I)** &mdash; This is the stage that causes students the most anguish, but I will help you see the ***beauty and intuition*** behind these seemingly confusing equations. I will focus on answering not only *what* and *how*, but also *why*.
- **Math Contest Preparation (all ages)** &mdash; I will help aspiring students and give them the tools required to develop ***strong problem solving skills***.

## physics

- **Mechanics (Kinematics, Newton's Laws, Circular Motion, Gravitation)** &mdash; I will foster intuition, and build a rich understanding. I will focus on emphasizing practical and real life applications and examples by drawing connections in the everyday world.

-------------------------

## other

- I am unable to teach other subjects to older students, but if required I am also available to teach **English, General Science, Chess, and Computer Programming** to younger audiences.
